Expand docs to include additional configuration options (#153)
psychoinformatics-de/shacl-vue: docs/app-configuration.md

The defaults for all config URLs are the demo files.

## Identifier settings

```json
{
    "id_iri": "https://concepts.datalad.org/s/things/v1/pid",
    "id_autogenerate": {
        "": {
            "id_autogenerate_prefix": "",
            "id_autogenerate_prepend": ""
        }
    },
    "id_resolves_externally": [],
    "prefixes": {
        "": ""
    }
}
```

- `id_iri` is the base IRI for new instance identifiers
- `id_autogenerate` is a dictionary mapping RDF classes to auto-generated identifier rules: <br> `id_autogenerate_prefix`, `id_autogenerate_prepend`
- `id_resolves_externally` is an array of class URIs for which IDs resolve elsewhere
- `prefixes` is a JSON mapping from prefix to URI used throughout shacl-vue and RDF resources to support external vocabularies and local naming conventions

## UI behavior

```json
{
    "show_shapes_wo_id": true,
    "show_all_fields": true,
    "hide_classes": [],
    "class_name_display": "",
    "class_icons": {
        "": ""
    }
}
```

- `show_shapes_wo_id` shows shapes that have no explicit ID defined, when `true`
- `show_all_fields` displays all properties, even if not in SHACL shapes, when `true`

> - `hide_classes` is a list of RDF class URIs to hide from the class selector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `hide_classes` is a list of class URIs to hide from the left-hand-side panel listing all data types (i.e. classes)
```

> - `class_name_display` specifies whether to use `name` or `rdfs:label` for displaying class names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `class_name_display` specifies whether to use the CURIE format or just the latter part of the CURIE for displaying class names in the `shacl-vue` UI. Allowed options are: 'curie' (for the full CURIE, e.g. `prov:Agent`) and 'name' (for the CURIE suffix, e.g. `Agent`) which is the default.
```

> - `class_icons` is a mapping of RDF classes to [Material Design Icons](https://pictogrammers.com/library/mdi/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `class_icons` is a mapping of class URIs to [Material Design Icons](https://pictogrammers.com/library/mdi/)
```

By default, `class_icons` that are not defined will display as empty circles.

> ## Service API integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Service API integration

While source data is specified in the [Application Inputs section](./app-inputs) as one of the main inputs to a `shacl-vue` instance, this input does not have to come from a single TTL-document via the `data_url` configuration option. In fact, it is likely beneficial to many `shacl-vue` instances to allow getting data from (and pushing data to) a separately and continuously maintained data source, using standard HTTP. An example of such a source is the [Dump Things Service](https://github.com/christian-monch/dump-things-server), which is supported by `shacl-vue` via the `use_service` and related configuration options.
```

```json
{
    "use_service": true,
    "use_token": true,
    "token_info": "",
    "token_info_url": "",
    "service_base_url": [
        {
            "url": "",
            "type": ""
        }
    ],
    "service_endpoints":  {
        "": ""
    },
    "service_fetch_before": {
        "": []
    }
}
```

> - `use_service` enables back-end API interaction, when `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `use_service` enables back-end API integration with a deployed `dump-things-server`, when `true`. This option is used throughout `shacl-vue` to enable/disable related UI options (such as the `Submit` button) and for internal request-related functionality
```

> - `use-token` requires an authentication token, when `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `use-token` allows the use of an authentication token, when `true`. This enables UI components for the user to enter a token, and adds this token to any requests made to the integrated service.
```

> - `token_info` is instructional text about obtaining a token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `token_info` is instructional text about obtaining a token that will be displayed to a user in the application UI
```

> - `token_info_url` is a URL with token request information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `token_info_url` is a URL that can be added to the instructional text that will be displayed to a user in the application UI
```

> - `service_base_url` is a list of URL(s) of the API backend (can be an object with `url` and `type=read` or `type=write`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `service_base_url` is a list of URLs (minimum 1) of the integrated service. The `url` property's value should be the actual base URL, and the `type` property's value can be either `read` or `write`. This option allows a single `shacl-vue` instance to be integrated with multiple services, for example in curation use cases where user-submitted records should be pushed to a `write` backend, while records that the user should be able to see but not edit will be retrieved from a `read` backend.
```

> - `service_endpoints` is a mapping to endpoint templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `service_endpoints` is a mapping to endpoint templates, for the custom part of the endpoint URL that will be appended to the base URL before a request is made. These templates are typically useful for encoding query parameters. Template variables are included in curly brackets, and current options are `{name}` and `{curie}`, which follow the same definitions as given above for the `class_name_display` option. The `service_endpoint` options included in the example below are specific to integration with the `dump-things-service`.
```

> - `service_fetch_before` are keys indicating which endpoints need preloading

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `service_fetch_before` is a list of class URLs indicating from which endpoints records should be fetched upon application startup, i.e. before these classes are actually selected and viewed by the user.
```

URLs should be unique and absolute online URIs.

### Example

An example usage of `service endpoints` and `service_fetch_before` is as follows:

```json
{
    "service_endpoints":  {
        "post-record": "record/{name}?format=ttl",
        "get-record": "record?pid={curie}&format=ttl",
        "get-records": "records/{name}?format=ttl",
        "get-paginated-records": "records/p/{name}?format=ttl&size=50&page={page_number}"
    },
    "service_fetch_before": {
        "get-record": [],

>         "get-records": []

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "get-records": ["https://concepts.inm7.de/s/flat-base/unreleased/Person"]
```
